project_summary.md, before:

# Project Title
Insert the name of your project

## Authors
- Insert main author name, surname, github account
- Insert other author(s) name, surname, github account (one per list element)

## Description
Insert a description containing about 100 to 150 words, including your motivation and the meaning behind your idea and execution. The Judges will be keen to know how your idea pushes the boundaries of code and technology. 

## Link to Prototype
NOTE: If your project lives online you can add one or more links here. Make sure you have a stable version of your project running before linking it.

[Example Link](http://www.google.com "Example Link")

## Example Code
NOTE: Wrap your code blocks or any code citation by using ``` like the example below.
```
function test() {
  console.log("Printing a test");
}
```
## Links to External Libraries
 NOTE: You can also use this space to link to external libraries or Github repositories you used on your project.

[Example Link](http://www.google.com "Example Link")

## Images & Videos
NOTE: For additional images you can either use a relative link to an image on this repo or an absolute link to an externally hosted image.

![Example Image](project_images/cover.jpg?raw=true "Example Image")

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30yGOxJJ2PQ

Commit message:

Initial commit - project name and initial description

project_summary.md, after:

# Project Title
Clairvoyant (French: clear vision)

## Authors
- Abiel M. Woldu - https://github.com/Abiel

## Description
Clairvoyant 1.0
Our diversity, is a feature that could bring variety in our understanding of our socio-cultural interactions, our perception and value of the planet we live in. But, unfortunatelly, diversity is also the root of racism and people not appeciating the different others.
Clairvoyant - A spherical ball - an out door installation (radius 3 meters) with rotating map on it that visually takes a user to any part of the world to show a city, the diversity of people in the city and other features of that area.
A user comes close to the sphere and names a city (verbally) - a microphone in the base of the sphere processes the speech and feeds the data to google maps api to get the coordinates of the venue/city. The sphere rotates to focus on that sphere and zooms in to display features of the venue as well as a social diversity of people in that area.

When no input is fed to Clairvoyant, it rotates to show the rotation of the planet around its axis

Clairvoyant 2.0 
Multiple spherical installations of clairvoyant in different cities enabling different people to exchange handwaves, smiles and friendly gestures.

## Link to Prototype
NOTE: If your project lives online you can add one or more links here. Make sure you have a stable version of your project running before linking it.

[Example Link](http://www.google.com "Example Link")

## Example Code
NOTE: Wrap your code blocks or any code citation by using ``` like the example below.
```
function test() {
  console.log("Printing a test");
}
```
## Links to External Libraries
 NOTE: You can also use this space to link to external libraries or Github repositories you used on your project.

[Example Link](http://www.google.com "Example Link")

## Images & Videos
NOTE: For additional images you can either use a relative link to an image on this repo or an absolute link to an externally hosted image.

![Example Image](project_images/cover.jpg?raw=true "Example Image")

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=30yGOxJJ2PQ
